very well Monday night I'm here at leandro's house with leandro
I do not swim puns aside the double kid and that's what good news was
First night for you guys, thank you. We'll talk. Let's talk.
again it was a difficult week but it ended well since you're here
with leonardo that is 100% wanessa worked out
in the weeks
Then I think it's harder than I've been in my life.
and everything that happened to the repercussion that took of the things that deserve of me
know as a friend
I was here
marrey says
We wait for the
it was a scare and what happened
God rules
there was no discharge back and as always smiling and playful
that's it now it would be
You said today that I was not giving strength to the other how it was and
how it works at the beginning of the year
so I went there
The second night I had to
siate on Tuesday morning I talked to with which the uefa will not give
She's going to work there hot period.
Then I went the guy was like that, I did not get there at Corinthians.
I talked to Tite, Lenny, go home and rest.
The thing that he does in a few years is here to clarify what makes him
a lot more
I have no news, not with a
I do not know what to do
still late I managed to talk to her was having high and in ithaca weaker
I managed to talk to him yes the line was a date with that does not give a relief
leave
and you know who was recovering
and we started to talk every day that I started with it had done
the best
and there he did speaking for Mr.
There are even people who even talked about
I'm going to ask him, 'You'll be fine.'
stroke so it looks good and that I'm right here
the elfa hill was what happened thanks to god leuthard in tripoli make a
good match
And thank God for all this we're the ones who get stronger and all this
do you think it is?
Thank God
why do not you score a goal on the river with the Flemish this Sunday
I found that if branded would be delicate topic of the landless with certainty
Speak of the globe tv I spent with him, right?
in homage to the léu maestro felipe made a great defense is a great goalkeeper and
ended up avoiding this guri
Then you'll talk to the leonardo leonardo and to you, how did it go?
this week
knowing that his friend was being involved in statements in which they were
liars about it and you her in the hospital how did it go
The most difficult was to receive here
peacock speech did not reflect much study many news that
have to talk about law no.6 even knowing in analyzes but here the
know
it is still his person that he is the character he has
Corinthians himself knows
how my parents wanted it to happen earlier in the day was to give strength to
they know why
I do not have to talk about the bid.
he always gave me strength I wanted to be
independent of anything
more
The week for me was a new beginning only on Wednesday or leave the
but we still talked and
I had no pain, I did not have anything, I was going to depend on the strength they have.
upset that will solve
when I get home and
he rolled on the floor and cried like this was but he does not need it
and I was very calm still annoyed in these situations and with the criticisms
lay on top of him
and he
when I called him cold on the subject in the conversation and it was something
well I'll stay right here
That's when his father gave me a lot of strength every day.
miss
I just thank you, I said thank you very much, promise to release these
applied attack at the base of everything
your father would be spreading if they close
He only has to thank him at the hospital.
very well very well treated with the placenta house
Funny I quit was just a scare and today became mock reason to see reason
of laughter
I'm happy too, and water is a concept.
not a small portion of the minority team that exploits a form
wrong
I think the vast majority of the international press understood that it was a
racing accident
by the way it was
if I understand
yes, sure who tries good people
You know how James the crane came to him and said that Lerner commented on
gave strength to him his own grandson friends
who knows not
the leandrão the person personally signs neither geithner
P
with an important public here everything that revercutiu all day since everything not
had a fright
I can not say anything so soon.
one here again again after one week
nor the recovery was very fast and surprised me had my parents
got lost
his father is debating I believe that it is growing alternative to the local tv
for that you
I must hear you the saints moved
while trying to defend himself
but thanks to the eight of good
Unfortunately there are a lot of people wanting to knock people out.
But I could not because God is more to go.
I took a very unhappy god
who knows what they do
I do not know what it looks like
analyze the behavior of the population of jaú who knows you since you were
created here my son moroni already or until a while ago the city that supported it
supported for sure only have to thank city love
all
the whole population supported me a lot I gave them a lot of strength to thank the
they know me
You know I left here, and nobody ever told me my origins as long as he's right here.
always when after the reunion of the friends until what happened in the
Last week when you see me here at home I accept very happy to act well
eric I said or we take lessons for life so it's stronger the people
The Netherlands started the friendships giving value to things that really difficult
now in that second time what is played in araraquara
there is a fall
on that Sunday and on Mondays on the board
you played in Rio de Janeiro since the team's attack did not show
problem is that in the same issue he also promised
a rush and we got on the flight line são paulo was
nino viera 8 45 km 50 in são paulo
My mother was leaving Sao Paulo with the car.
so here today, thank god
lol it was worth it and tequila by my side
is here at home in this idea with the speech and the immense happiness this Tuesday
no kuito the new Tuesday 10 in mere presentation there to start of
new there
next week in question
olé hello masseter with these players the staff will want to know too
they then thank you rau leonardo
Corinthians player in a potential future player is good luck to
you good luck
the people around and the local tv studios